(Yuma) Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal..."
This duel's over.
You've won.
Huh♪ Say what♪
Shark!
I lost.
But I never knew losing
could feel so good.
You have your whole entire
future ahead of you, Yuma.
I wish I was around to see it.
(gasps) No!
You were great duelists,
but even better friends.
Shark!
Good-bye.
♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
♪ Till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of
our souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regretting never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
It looks like your boy
saved the day.
Yes. The three worlds
are drifting apart.
We owe it all to Yuma.
Not saying you didn't
lend a helping hand.
Thanks, Byron.
Oh, sure.
Good of you to remember.
It's not like pushing
a planet was hard work.
Indeed.
Until next time, Kazuma.
Until next time.
And I hope it won't
be too long.
(Yuma) I can't believe it.
Shark's gone.
(crying)
(Yuma) It's all my fault.
But I don't wanna
duel a monkey.
Huh?
Hey, Flip's back!
I'm home.
I'm home!
How long have I been out?
(Astral) Shark's defeat has
severed the fusion
between Barian World and Earth,
returning those that were
defeated in our skirmish.
I made it.
But what about Shark?
I had faith that Yuma
would get the job done.
Yeah. Same here. But it
must've been tough on him.
Yuma! I knew
you'd rescue me!
Because I'm your
bestest buddy, right?
Uh, yeah, sure.
I'm glad you're safe and sound.
Yuma!
Huh?
(all) Yuma!
Hey, guys!
Don't forget about me!
Bronk!
Heads up, Yuma!
Anna!
The Sparrow!
The gang's all here!
(Yuma) I'm so glad you're okay.
I knew you'd never
let us down, Yuma.
You totally beat
those Barian bums.
Thanks, guys.
That means a lot to me.
Yuma. You did it.
You saved everyone.
No, Heart.
You're wrong.
(Heart) What?
Not everyone, Heart.
I tried, but I wasn't
able to save Shark
or your brother Kite.
Not even Rio.
If I never started dueling
in the first place,
none of this would have
happened.
Poor Yuma.
Huh?
What did you do, Astral?
Oh!
(roaring)
(Astral) Yuma, we have finally
accomplished our goal
of gathering all
100 Number Cards.
Their combined energies allow me
to access to the Numeron Code,
the source of all creation
throughout the universe.
The Numeron Code!
It gives me the power
to rewrite
both the future and the past.
I shall use it fulfill
my final mission.
That is my destiny.
But we finished
our final mission.
You don't mean...
My mission:
To annihilate Barian World.
Huh?
I thought you were
done with that nonsense!
No.
Barian World is the enemy
of Astral World.
It must be extinguished.
Oh!
Haven't you learned
anything at all, Astral?
Shark sacrificed
himself for us!
You don't have to
fight anymore.
Your two worlds
can be at peace.
Peace may have been your goal.
It is not mine.
Mine remains the destruction
of Barian World.
Dream on, Astral,
because that ain't happening!
You disapprove?
You may be my friend,
but I can't let you do this.
And how do you plan
to stop me, Yuma?
Do you dare challenge me
to a duel?
You bet!
You must realize the foolishness
of your endeavor.
Since I possess all the Number
Cards, you cannot win.
Do you still wish to duel?
More than ever.
Very well.
But when I win,
I will do more than destroy
Barian World.
I will use the Numeron Code
to erase your memories.
It will be as if we never met.
Agreed?
Agreed.
Very well.
We shall duel tonight at the
courtyard where we first met.
Where's Astral?
He just vanished.
He could've
said good-bye.
(Bronk) Maybe he was in a rush,
like the time I ate 16 mondo
chili dogs and...
Bronk, stop sharing.
(thinking)
Can I really build a deck
that can beat Astral?
I thought we'd always fight
together as friends,
never against each other
as enemies.
So now our first duel will
also be our last.
Lighten up, Astral.
That's not the look of someone
who saved the entire galaxy.
I can't thank you enough for
all you've done for Yuma.
You should not be thanking me.
I am forcing your son
to partake in a duel
that he does not desire.
Sounds heavy, but do what
you gotta do.
I'm sure it's gonna be an
amazing duel.
Do you not care that
I broke Yuma's heart?
Maybe, maybe not.
Your carefree demeanor
puzzles me.
Or maybe I know that there is
more to this duel
than Barian World.
Uhh!
Gotta focus.
Okay.
Not only does Astral have all
the Numbers in his deck,
he also has a stackload of
Utopias.
How can I counteract that?
Incoming!
Aah!
What's up, Yuma?
You weren't
using that wall, were you?
Anna!
And company.
We know that you're
dueling Astral.
We shall not miss it.
I'll say.
We're super psyched.
We're here to help you out.
Thanks, but couldn't
you knock first?
Yuma!
They better not be
staying for dinner.
But I made enough food
for seconds and thirds.
And fourths. And fifths.
And sixths.
Kari, Yuma has made many
lifelong friends,
and it's all thanks to dueling.
Yeah, you're right.
Maybe dueling's fine, I guess.
Say, maybe if you
tried dueling,
you'd make some
new friends, too.
It's not like your social life
is very active, dear.
(groans)
As much as I'd love
to sit and chat,
I don't have much time
to build my new deck.
That is why we're here,
to offer you
a cavalcade of cards.
See? In the end,
Astral's deck will be tough.
Yeah, you need all
the help you can get.
Our cards will
soup up your deck.
And Astral will
never see it coming.
I can't think of a more
purr-fect plan!
It'll be like we're all
dueling Astral together.
I guess so.
We heroes shall
unite and fight.
What do you say, Yuma?
Thanks for the offer, but no.
I hate to be selfish, but I need
to use my own cards.
This is one duel that
I have to face on my own.
Sorry, guys.
(Bronk)
Eh! No biggie.
All right, fine.
If that's the way you want it,
then that's how it's gonna be.
But don't come crying
when you lose by
a bazillion life points.
Thanks, Bronk.
I'm gonna build
the best deck ever!
I'm so feeling the flow!
I'm so excited for you, Yuma!
You get to duel
your best friend.
It'll be tons of fun.
What's wrong?
Tori, listen.
Astral isn't who
we thought he was.
I'll let you in on
a secret, okay?
But promise not to tell anyone.
I promise.
I assume that you
are ready to duel.
Oh, yeah!
And I'm gonna win!
Yuma versus Astral.
I never thought
I'd see the day.
This should be interesting.
I'll say. The kid's got plenty
of moxie to duel Astral.
Yuma's bringing the boom!
Oh, I think Astral will win.
Good luck.
Show 'em your fangs, Yuma.
(thinking)
They just think it's
fun and games.
They have no idea
what's at stake.
Quattro, Trey, we should
feel privileged
that we get to witness
this match.
But yet something about this
duel gives me pause.
But I don't know why.
Let us begin.
Ready?
Always!
Time for me to
high five the sky!
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll.
(computer)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
Let's duel.
I'll go first.
My turn.
I draw!
Let's get this show
on the road.
Here's Gogogo Golem!
And then I place
three cards facedown.
You're up, Astral.
(thinking) Curious.
Why would he summon Gogogo Golem
in attack mode
when it is better at defense?
My move.
I draw!
I activate
the spell Parallel Unit.
This card copies your monster,
so I have a Gogogo Golem
of my own.
Next, I shall activate
Solid Overlay.
This spell substitutes for a
monster when I Xyz Summon.
This should be good.
With these two cards, I build
the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon!
Rise, Number 39: Utopia!
Astral has already
summoned Utopia!
Yeah.
This is a first.
I've always fought with
Utopia, never against it.
Now, Yuma, I activate Double
Rank-Up Magic Utopia Force.
I shall utilize Utopia's
abilities to its fullest,
which is something you were
never capable of doing.
With this spell,
I summon two Xyz monsters
that are higher in rank
than Utopia,
and then Utopia's two Overlay
Units are divided among them.
First to my field is Chaos
Number 39: Utopia Ray Victory.
Followed by Number 39:
Utopia Beyond.
He's got three Utopias!
I am not done.
Go, Utopia Beyond.
Its special ability eliminates
all of Gogogo Golem's
attack points.
Yuma's in big trouble!
Yeah.
How's he going to
crawl out of this mess?
So what?
I activate my trap Guardraw!
It switches my monster
to defense mode.
And I also get to draw a card.
When Gogogo Golem's
in defense mode,
Yuma can survive two attacks
without taking
any damage at all.
I gotta hand it to him.
That was pretty slick.
Perhaps. But I doubt
it will work.
Utopia Ray Victory,
attack Gogogo Golem
with all your might.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Gogogo Golem cannot use
its special abilities.
Furthermore,
you cannot play your spell or
trap cards during this battle.
Uugghh!
Rising Sun
Double Victory Slash!
I play a trap!
I activate my Guard Go.
You may have destroyed
Gogogo Golem,
but it isn't
staying away for long
because this trap resurrects
it from the graveyard.
Welcome back!
Guard Go has another effect.
I get to invite two more
monsters to this party.
Say hello to Dododo Warrior
and the one and only
Gagaga Magician.
Impressive.
You have instantly
tripled your defense.
But my Utopias will erode
your wall of monsters.
Continue the onslaught!
Is that the best you got?
Far from it, Yuma!
I activate Rank-Up
Magic Dark Force.
No way! He has another
Rank-Up Magic?
When my Xyz Monster destroys
your monster in battle,
I can send it to the graveyard
to summon two new Xyz Monsters
with even higher ranks.
Utopia, make way for
Chaos Number 39:
Utopia Ray V!
And Number 25: Force Focus!
You've got me outnumbered
four to one.
Four to one?
Let me change that.
I activate Grave Chaos.
Since Utopia was sent
to the graveyard,
I can summon a Chaos Xyz Monster
that has the same rank.
I shall summon another Utopia!
Chaos Number 39:
Utopia Ray!
But why stop at four Utopias
when I can have five?
Utopia Beyond uses one Overlay
Unit to banish Force Focus
and bring Utopia back
from the graveyard.
Lastly I also gain life points
equal to half of Utopia's
2,500 attack points.
Do you still hold
the absurd notion
that you can win, Yuma?
Astral summoned five Utopias!
The kid's in a whole
world of trouble.
I know. Astral has
a huge advantage.
This doesn't look like
a fair fight.
That's the understatement
of the year.
Astral's kinda intense.
Actually, he's pretty scary.
What's gotten into him?
(Bronk)
Yeah. Wasn't this supposed
to be a friendly duel?
Astral's going to destroy
Barian World?
That's right.
And I'm the only one
who can stop him.
By winning our duel.
Everybody loves Astral,
so I don't want them
to know the truth.
So let's just keep this
secret between you and me.
(Yuma)
I don't want to tarnish
their memories.
It 's not like he" 's gonna erase
theirs, only mine.
Utopia, attack!
Destroy Gogogo Golem!
You wish!
When Golem is in defense mode,
it can't be destroyed
once per turn.
But my others can attack.
Utopia Ray,
attack Gogogo Golem with
Rising Sun Chaos Slash!
Your end is near.
Utopia Ray V,
attack Yuma directly!
Rising Sun Star Slash!
Uhh!
Yuma's taking a beating.
I know. And it doesn't
look like Astral cares.
Astral's playing hardball.
Is Yuma okay?
Yuma.
(groaning)
♪